I wonder this cameras even catch some of
these big old fishes drove swimming
around here and there's manmade pond
here in Rose Hills Memorial Park pretty
much big-ass cemetery here you go
it's nice couple gray burials here but
all at all still nice
the cemetery big-ass cemetery is located
in Whittier and came here to visit my
brother basically he's like in the other
side of this mountain but I came here
and visit him wonder if this turtle here
I came here to visit him and you know
when I was leaving I just remember that
boy Contin is buried here decided to pay
a visit also I decided to film it
because a lot of people online has been
saying has been asking telling people
where is he buried exactly which
cemetery so I decided to do the small
little video just to show where exactly
the location let me go right away
because I know some people are are
impatient and probably gonna start
bitching like get to the point anyways
it's a nice Park it's real nice where
he's buried
it's pretty much a big park they're
still doing construction noise in
construction here gonna fill up this
hole I guess but anyways here's mr.
Boyken oxen any of you people that are
wondering who the hell is boy
Connaughton I'm gonna say that I don't
know much about him but I do know that
he had a show in Discovery Channel that
was about building hot rods you know
building hot rods meeting these
ridiculous deadlines you know his shop I
guess what's located oh where exactly is
maybe it's in Long Beach Whittier I'm
not sure I do know it's located close by
here in California and basically gets
the guys and consider like my I guess
he's considered a legend I'm not too
sure how much of a legend he is I don't
know much about I do know that I was a
little bit entertained by its show I
enjoyed watching it after coming home
from work so anyways you know I'm just
filming it to show people where exactly
is buried and you know it's a nice area
but the only thing I'm a little bit
disappointed I mean I know that it's not
you know it's none of my business or any
of them but alright think no I just
expected as Grayson to be a lot more
Decker decorative not just a plane like
in black marble you know I don't maybe
like a hot rock picture or a design
there on this gray stones picture you
know like a nice tune store or something
you know kind like these other people
here but you know I guess it's what the
family chose and you know I guess that's
what they chose Facebook which I hear is
Boyd Coddington and you know never met
the guy but rest in peace rest the peace
to everyone here too you know
I would just take a little film it one
more time this whole area just in case
if anybody wants to come over here who's
visiting a loved one here who probably
perhaps a ban of his boycott to this may
be coming up pays respects
here's boycotts I thought so maybe one
day I was at a page visited a shop just
to check out his the vehicles but I get
to just let I guess I'm gonna meet him
over here it is plot alright
rest in peace mr. Boyd got it